personal hi all good my problem
car is the following if a ford focus 2002
2002 is a problem in the recovery
Engine Fails When It Accelerates Abruptly
so come on the car picks up normally
but I think I want to paint a little low
too much
the engine is a bit forgetful but
when the throttle once the
engine failure taiwan
Like I already got hoses is tbi
I did all the possible tests here
but does not solve the car has already been made
nozzle cleaning has already been done
filter exchange replacement of candles
candle was made the exchange of this mania goes
behind what could be a reason for
air entrance
The cleaning of the sac has been made
it does not appear that cleaning was done
less time to accelerate
now pulling the government looks in the
cleaning nozzles
The mechanic said he's in trouble.
and gives it in the nozzles that it can
cause it but I still have my
suspicions because for example his language
leaves in gaza in gaza there for
accelerate the car and slow down and let
it would go back idle and erase now
did not do it like this if I
have for example have samba
ready always goes is a problem that
I'm having this problem.
car is very good has 230 thousand
Compressed engine running pressure tabo
the petrol pump is holding three
agreement between three and four more
was changed toothed sail cable
candle
I think everything that was possible that
to be made was done by nozzle weight
so I hope you can help me there with
the problems